Israeli air strikes and shelling have
hit one of Northern gaza's biggest
hospitals killing at least eight people
staff at the Indonesian Hospital are
appealing for Urgent intervention from
the UN and Red
Cross Medical Teams say the facility was
targeted without prior warning they've
been treating patients using mobile
phone lights because of power cuts the
Palestinian Health Ministry has warned
that Israeli forces could order the
evacuation of the hospital where
thousands of civilians are Sheltering
let's speak now on the phone to safwat
alalo he's our correspondent in central
Gaza safwat first of all can you tell us
what is happening in and around the
Indonesian hospital right
now uh yes we just woke to our source
inside the hospital who confirmed us
that the Israeli tanks are getting
closer and closer uh to surround the the
Indonesian Hospital he said also that
the Israeli tank shells are hitting the
the hospital and that the main or the
central operation room of the hospital
have been uh damaged and the hospital is
not able anymore to carry out any
surgeries uh he also said that number of
people including displaced people
doctors nurses and and even patients
have been killed and injured from the
latest Israeli uh air and tank who have
been hitting the hospitals since the
early morning uh the another development
the tank shells also had the nearby um
in the vinity of the Indonesian Hospital
the Kuwaiti uh school where thousands of
people or hundreds of families have been
Sheltering in this school since the
beginning of the war uh the minister
ofth says the number of people killed
and injured in this Kuwaiti Hospital the
back to the Indonesian Hospital
according to the medical sources the
hospital is not able anymore to offer
any medical intervention either to
patients or to Injured people who are
arriving uh to the hospital since it's
the only one remaining in the north and
Gaza City or that cover Gaza City and
the north of the Gaza Strip safwat okay
so that's the situation in the north
meanwhile in the South where people have
been told told to flee to because it's
supposed to be safer told by the Israeli
military we're also hearing of ongoing
air strikes what could you tell us about
what's happening in
Rafa yes again the minister of Health
say 14 people at least uh killed in
another Israeli air strike on a
residential building building in the
vicinity of Abu YF Nar the public
Hospital in the south of the Gaza St
specifically in ra and still the rescue
teams and ambulances are still digging
uh in this bad weather using manual
means uh to pull out more casualties
that they believe they are still under
this destroyed building so until now the
the minister of he confirmed 14 people
killed in this air strike where by the
way thousands of people displaced from
uh the North and from Gaza City towards
the South believing that
it could be safer and uh they could or
Sheltering places in the south of the G
strip and saf highlighting the fact that
nowhere in the Gaza Strip is safe tell
us about more Israeli air strikes that
are targeting Central Gaza in the naret
refugee
camp indeed I'm I'm staying in the
central area of the Gaza STP and next to
me there is adosa Refugee C
according to the minister of Health
there was another new air strike in Alat
refugee camp which is the biggest uh
refugee camp in the central area of the
G STP six people have been killed and
again the the civil defense and
ambulances are trying to um to pull out
more bodies from under the the rubel so
again six people kill and by the way
again um thousands of people have been
displaced from the north and from City
towards this Central Area uh including
uh which is included in the Israeli
warning to move to the South and Central
Area so no place as you said no place is
safe no place is secure people are um
the people who were displaced from the
Gaza City and from the North many of
them they lost their lives while they
were have been Sheltering or staying at
other people's homes or at schools
United Nations or other places so again
no place is safe in Gaza and everywhere
is under the
fire okay safwat Al khut thanks very
much for bringing us the very latest on
all the air strikes that are going on at
the moment across the Gaza
Strip